Change suite.rc to flow.cylc (#142)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/user-guide/writing-suites.rst

Writing Suites
==============

Cylc suites are defined in structured, validated, :cylc:conf:`flow.cylc` files
that concisely specify the properties of, and the relationships
between, the various tasks managed by the suite. This section of the
User Guide deals with the format and content of the :cylc:conf:`flow.cylc` file,
including task definition. Task implementation - what's required of the
real commands, scripts, or programs that do the processing that the
tasks represent - is covered in :ref:`TaskImplementation`; and
task job submission - how tasks are submitted to run - is
in :ref:`TaskJobSubmission`.

.. note::

>    In earlier versions of Cylc, :cylc:conf:`flow.cylc` was named ``suite.rc``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Before the release of Cylc8, :cylc:conf:`flow.cylc` was named ``suite.rc``,
```

.. code-block:: bash

   /path/to/my/suite   # suite configuration directory
       flow.cylc           # THE SUITE CONFIGURATION FILE
       bin/               # scripts and executables used by tasks
           foo.sh
           bar.sh
           ...
       # (OPTIONAL) any other suite-related files, for example:
       inc/               # flow.cylc include-files

>            nwp-tasks.cylc

Reviewer: are these having their file extensions changing too?

Author: Those files are made up examples I think. But I figure there's no point referring to `.rc` files anymore, everything should be `.cylc` from now on?
